It seems like those two statements are the ones that have problems in them.
Let's go through them one by one and see why.
The first one is a variable called me of
type char and it's initialized this character uppercase I.
There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with this.
It's declared as a character and it's being initialized to this character.
Perfect. The second one is a variable called fact that is
declared of type Boolean and it's initialized this value true.
That also seems to be perfectly fine.
This one however, is the variable number which is declared to be of type Boolean,
but it's initialized to this number 17.
As we mentioned earlier,
Boolean variables can only store a value of true or false.
They cannot store numbers.
So this one is incorrect.
This one is a string called text that is
initialized to this text within double quotation marks.
So that's perfectly fine.
This one's the variable price of type
double and it's initialized to this fractional number 23.75,
because it's a double it's allowed to store fractional numbers so that's perfectly fine.
This last one however,
is the variable total of type long,
but it's initialized to this 100.1.
Long are like integers,
they only store natural numbers,
you're not allowed to have a fractional number in them.
So Java would complain about this one as well.